Uncle Zhang, you came just in time
This kid has the guts
He not only pesters shame
Don't take me seriously
How dare you take out this worthless thing?
Don't you feel shabby?
Or do you think my daughter is worthless?
Uncle Jiang, this thing is not cheap
Worth more than 5 million
5 million just you
It's a problem if I take out 500 yuan
Besides, my Xiaoxue is sincere
Really nothing
Do you know how much energy the Cao family has?
Cao Zhi told him boy
I can tell you clearly
Our Cao family is the first in Jiangzhou
And also cooperate with Huaxing Chamber of Commerce
You deserve to compare with me
Do you believe it or not?
A word from me
You can ask Huaxing Chamber of Commerce to cancel the cooperation with you.
Wanyu, don't talk nonsense
If someone from the Huaxing Chamber of Commerce hears it
You're in big trouble
No need for Huaxing Chamber of Commerce to take action
I can kill him with my own hands
Come and interrupt him to hunt monsters
Throw it out!